README.md, before:

iAPI Engine
================

The goal of this project is to jointly develop an **in-browser engine for interactive APIs** ([iAPIs]
(http://www.w3.org/community/interative-apis/)). The engine comes in the form 
of a **Google Chrome extension** able to parse iAPI annotations, to render graphical 
controls for them, to interpret user interactions as programming instructions, 
and to run iAPI-based applications or processes. 


License
-------
All software of the project is **free and open-source**, as specified by the terms 
of the [BSD license](https://github.com/floriandanielit/interactive-apis/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).


iAPI reference specification
----------
The purpose of this project is the implementation of an engine for iAPIs that is 
compliant with the specification of the [iAPI HTML annotation format]
(http://www.w3.org/community/interative-apis/wiki/Main_Page). The specification is developed and 
maintained by the [W3C Interactive APIs Community Group](http://www.w3.org/community/interative-apis/).
The Group is open, participation is free, and contributions are welcome from everyone.


Features and requirements
---------

### Features

* Identifies iAPIs in web pages and injects suitable interactive, graphical controls
* Fetches data from iAPIs in remote web pages and renders them inside a local page
* Drag and drop reuse of data between iAPIs in different pages
* Engine can easily be switched on/off

### Requirements

* Google Chrome web browser (tested with version 31 for Mac or version XX for Win)


Architecture, design and roadmap
-----------
For more details, have a look at the [project wiki](https://github.com/floriandanielit/interactive-apis/wiki).


Contributing to this project
-------------

tbd


Installation and usage of the engine
----------------

tbd

Commit message:

added instructions on how to contribute to project

README.md, after:

iAPI Engine
================

The goal of this project is to jointly develop an **in-browser engine for interactive APIs** ([iAPIs]
(http://www.w3.org/community/interative-apis/)). The engine comes in the form 
of a **Google Chrome extension** able to parse iAPI annotations, to render graphical 
controls for them, to interpret user interactions as programming instructions, 
and to run iAPI-based applications or processes. 


License
-------
All software of the project is **free and open-source**, as specified by the terms 
of the [BSD license](https://github.com/floriandanielit/interactive-apis/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).


iAPI reference specification
----------
The purpose of this project is the implementation of an engine for iAPIs that is 
compliant with the specification of the [iAPI HTML annotation format]
(http://www.w3.org/community/interative-apis/wiki/Main_Page). The specification is developed and 
maintained by the [W3C Interactive APIs Community Group](http://www.w3.org/community/interative-apis/).
The Group is open, participation is free, and contributions are welcome from everyone.


Features and requirements
---------

### Features

* Identifies iAPIs in web pages and injects suitable interactive, graphical controls
* Fetches data from iAPIs in remote web pages and renders them inside a local page
* Drag and drop reuse of data between iAPIs in different pages
* Engine can easily be switched on/off

### Requirements

* Google Chrome web browser (tested with version 31 for Mac or version XX for Win)


Architecture, design and roadmap
-----------
For more details, have a look at the [project wiki](https://github.com/floriandanielit/interactive-apis/wiki).


Contributing to this project
-------------

Everybody who wants to contribute to this project is welcome. We keep the Master branch 
of the code with stable results and require each contributor to work in an own branch
and to make suitable Pull Requests for features they would like to be included in the 
Master.

Here some useful links to understand how Git works:

* [GitHub Guides](https://guides.github.com/)
* [Git Tutorials](https://www.atlassian.com/git)
* [Git Cheatsheet](http://ndpsoftware.com/git-cheatsheet.html#loc=local_repo;)


Installation and usage of the engine
----------------

tbd
